hey everyone rarity does sure time for
another blank commentary and today we're
looking at a short animation entitled
final in Octavia sunrise surprise by die
leak
Studios this was suggested by German HDR
and sasame gen yeah this has been on my
list for a while now I did looked
promising short animation featuring
violin Octavia I gather from the title I
yeah those are usually fun been a while
since the last one I did featuring those
two as well so yeah this will be pretty
cool to see anyway let's get started
okay and there's Octavia in bed oh yes I
love to play a private concert and
vinyls doing what she usually does music
kill the wub vinyl please
don't wash the dishes so loudly oh come
on it's like the best way to wake up in
the morning you should be thanking me
but vinyl and I made you a sandwich so I
guess that makes dude thank you you owe
me well but I thank you vinyl we're
still going to have to talk about the
dishwasher after I'm done it's good but
something tastes off turning the water
out for a few hours
somepony let's poor Octavia cue my
crusader water purifiers that's the
interesting one I also forgot to tell
you we need more milk and food yeah
that's what she probably deserves their
pie to the face
yeah
no wacky of course okay so yeah that was
a really cute little short of vinyl in
Octavia video pretty amusing animations
in pre get to moved pretty smoothly
looked right it had a fair amount going
on not sure there's too much to say it
was just another little glimpse at vinyl
in Octavia living living together their
personalities clashing in vinyl
having some fun at Octavia's expense
really reminded me of epic web time so
yeah cute video hope you like the
commentary let me know did it and see
you in the next